#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements-dev.in
#
-e file:.
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
absl-py==1.3.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
adjusttext==0.7.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jamie
anndata==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jamie
    #   scanpy
anyio==3.6.1
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
asttokens==2.0.8
    # via stack-data
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
attrs==21.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
babel==2.10.3
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via nbconvert
bleach==5.0.1
    # via nbconvert
brokenaxes==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jamie
cachetools==5.2.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2022.9.24
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via requests
click==8.0.1
    # via pip-tools
cloudpickle==2.2.0
    # via shap
coverage[toml]==6.0
    # via pytest-cov
cycler==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
debugpy==1.6.3
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
entrypoints==0.4
    # via jupyter-client
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
executing==1.1.1
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.16.2
    # via nbformat
flake8==3.9.2
    # via
    #   flake8-docstrings
    #   jamie
flake8-docstrings==1.6.0
    # via jamie
flake8-import-order==0.18.1
    # via jamie
flatbuffers==22.9.24
    # via tensorflow
gast==0.4.0
    # via tensorflow
google-auth==2.12.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
grpcio==1.49.1
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h5py==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   anndata
    #   scanpy
    #   tensorflow
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==5.0.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   markdown
    #   nbconvert
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.16.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipython==8.5.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyterlab
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipywidgets==8.0.2
    # via jamie
jedi==0.18.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
joblib==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   pynndescent
    #   scanpy
    #   scikit-learn
json5==0.9.10
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonschema==4.16.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==7.4.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==4.11.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-server==1.21.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyterlab==3.4.8
    # via jamie
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.16.0
    # via jupyterlab
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.3
    # via ipywidgets
keras==2.10.0
    # via tensorflow
keras-preprocessing==1.1.2
    # via tensorflow
kiwisolver==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
libclang==14.0.6
    # via tensorflow
llvmlite==0.38.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   numba
    #   pynndescent
markdown==3.4.1
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.4.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   adjusttext
    #   brokenaxes
    #   jamie
    #   mmd-wrapper
    #   scanpy
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via flake8
mistune==2.0.4
    # via nbconvert
mmd-wrapper @ git+https://git@github.com/Oafish1/WR2MD
    # via jamie
natsort==8.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   anndata
    #   scanpy
nbclassic==0.4.5
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
nbclient==0.7.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.2.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.7.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
networkx==2.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   scanpy
notebook==6.5.1
    # via jupyterlab
notebook-shim==0.1.0
    # via nbclassic
numba==0.55.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   pynndescent
    #   scanpy
    #   shap
    #   umap-learn
numexpr==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   tables
numpy==1.21.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   adjusttext
    #   anndata
    #   h5py
    #   jamie
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   numexpr
    #   opt-einsum
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   scanpy
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scikit-learn-extra
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   shap
    #   statsmodels
    #   tables
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   torchvision
    #   umap-learn
oauthlib==3.2.1
    # via requests-oauthlib
openpyxl==3.0.10
    # via jamie
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   anndata
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   numexpr
    #   pytest
    #   scanpy
    #   shap
    #   statsmodels
    #   tables
    #   tensorflow
pandas==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   anndata
    #   jamie
    #   scanpy
    #   seaborn
    #   shap
    #   statsmodels
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
patsy==0.5.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   scanpy
    #   statsmodels
pep517==0.11.0
    # via pip-tools
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==8.3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
    #   torchvision
pip-tools==6.3.0
    # via jamie
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
prometheus-client==0.15.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.31
    # via ipython
protobuf==3.19.6
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
psutil==5.9.2
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
py==1.10.0
    # via pytest
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pycodestyle==2.7.0
    # via
    #   flake8
    #   flake8-import-order
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydocstyle==6.1.1
    # via flake8-docstrings
pyflakes==2.3.1
    # via flake8
pygments==2.13.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pynndescent==0.5.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   umap-learn
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.18.1
    # via jsonschema
pytest==6.2.5
    # via
    #   jamie
    #   pytest-cov
pytest-cov==3.0.0
    # via jamie
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2022.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   babel
    #   pandas
pyzmq==24.0.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
scanpy==1.8.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jamie
scikit-learn==1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   mmd-wrapper
    #   pynndescent
    #   scanpy
    #   scikit-learn-extra
    #   shap
    #   sklearn
    #   umap-learn
scikit-learn-extra==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jamie
scipy==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   anndata
    #   jamie
    #   mmd-wrapper
    #   pynndescent
    #   scanpy
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scikit-learn-extra
    #   seaborn
    #   shap
    #   statsmodels
    #   umap-learn
seaborn==0.11.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jamie
    #   scanpy
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
shap==0.41.0
    # via jamie
sinfo==0.3.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   scanpy
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   asttokens
    #   astunparse
    #   bleach
    #   cycler
    #   google-auth
    #   google-pasta
    #   grpcio
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   patsy
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorflow
sklearn==0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jamie
    #   mmd-wrapper
slicer==0.0.7
    # via shap
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
snowballstemmer==2.1.0
    # via pydocstyle
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.5.1
    # via ipython
statsmodels==0.13.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   scanpy
stdlib-list==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   sinfo
tables==3.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   scanpy
tensorboard==2.10.1
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.10.0
    # via mmd-wrapper
tensorflow-estimator==2.10.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.27.0
    # via tensorflow
termcolor==2.0.1
    # via tensorflow
terminado==0.16.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
threadpoolctl==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.1.1
    # via nbconvert
toml==0.10.2
    # via pytest
tomli==1.2.1
    # via
    #   coverage
    #   jupyterlab
    #   pep517
torch==1.9.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jamie
    #   mmd-wrapper
    #   torchvision
torchvision==0.10.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jamie
    #   mmd-wrapper
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.63.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   scanpy
    #   shap
    #   umap-learn
traitlets==5.4.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
typing-extensions==3.10.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   tensorflow
    #   torch
umap==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jamie
    #   mmd-wrapper
umap-learn==0.5.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   mmd-wrapper
    #   scanpy
unioncom==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jamie
    #   mmd-wrapper
urllib3==1.26.12
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.4.1
    # via jupyter-server
werkzeug==2.2.2
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.37.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   pip-tools
    #   tensorboard
widgetsnbextension==4.0.3
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via tensorflow
zipp==3.9.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
